-- Journal --

General Notes about the styling: 

Pages use primarily bootstrap cards, I use a general soft brown/tan styling on the background and foreground 
of cards. Text is either dark brown or black to retain contrast for WAVE auditing. 

Header and Footer sections are a nice soft teal/blue and the buttons across the site also use this color.

Text in all areas is centered, bootstrap cards have modest padding in all areas to space from each other 
and the margins. 

Session 1:

For this session my first instinct was to use the most recent lab (Wk6) as a jumping
off point. I liked the use of the card + bootstrap so I thought it would be a natural 
fit for the projects section of the final project.

To this end I used the Lab code as a bones for this section. But since this section would
be one of many on the page, as I had already settled on mostly making this a single page 
endeavor I had to realign and resection some of the structure. Plainly, all 3 project cards
are housed in the projects section, with a single nav-link for the entire section. I retained
the viewport shifting that made them stack and unstack in different window configurations.

I also repurposed the "learn more" layout into a section for links instead, so I ditched the 
buttons we had used and made them "Repository Link". I removed the modal portions are they were 
no longer internal rendered objects, and added the target such that it opens new links instead of 
rerouting the current page, which I personally despise.

I am still tinkering with styling and layout attributes for the projects section as well. I removed
some of the bootstrap classifications so I could more manually adjust the contrast of elements
while retaining the color pattern I wanted. 

Taking a break from the tweaking, I added the about section at the top to ensure the nav-links were working
correctly. This is a simple sections with just a div and some paragraphs. It does have an attatched style class
so I could add some padding to the edges and get it off the margins of the page.


Session 2:

This time around I decided to tackle the contact me page. It felt most natural to make this a secondary page from 
the home page. I have some experience with this from working on my personal project. The web app I am chipping away 
at has a decent amount of html. In my application there are several secondary pages for things like adding books or 
searching through the database. So I took what I did there and applied the form styling from the labs that tackled forms. 

To ensure you could return easily I also added a home button that follows the submit button, so after you submit a contact 
form you can easily return to the main page. 

The form in the contact me page also uses bootstrap container and col/rol formatting because I just think bootstrap is 
cool.

At this point I also wanted to WAVE the project to this point to address any errors early before adding to them endlessly 
and only finding out about the issues at the very end. A few times the contrast error popped up on some elements so I went 
ahead and created a pure black text variable to nip that in the bud. It was elements that appeared on the blue header and footer 
sections which makes sense. 

Session 3:

Primary focus at this time was getting the site deployed via github pages. I was looking to test a download javascript 
function for the resume/experience section. So before I actually began working on that, I deployed the page. 

From there I started working on another page, the experience page. This page is a lot like the previous pages 
it has some bootstrap formatting (again because I like it a lot) and uses a series of lists to detail my experience and 
skills. My experience section is relatively small so I included side by side cards for the skills section and then a card 
beneath those cards for relevant classes I've taken. 

The focus of this page outside of putting down a required section is to also have a javascript function that allows 
visitors to download my resume if they happened to have interest.

Session 4:

Today I did some research and found a good source on downloading file functions in JavaScript file. The function is very simple, 
it holds a filename, and a response that makes sure the file is fetchable. After that I create a url and a link for the file download 
it then just activates on a click and downloads the file. Pretty simple overall, but the proof would be in testing it live. So I will push 
the update and see if it works. 